I just been standing here for about I
don't know an hour now watching watching
some guys do some some jumps jumping
over the fan how does this rate on your
daily walk with your dog usually uh
awesome fucking super awesome way better
than the normal walk with the dog I
would say it beats a scooping up dog
crap and walking around drinking coffee
so 10 on a scale that ends at five
how was this trip for you Clayton it was
good somehow really productive in my
head real hard first and
big wall take a couple days off but he's
back into it and definitely got a whole
bunch of shots after that so did real
good camp a lot of shots too and as a
crew we definitely killed it I don't
want to jinx it here but everyone's been
stoked or what we've been doing and it's
been good it's been easy to share lucky
Estonia is tight yeah stephanie has been
sick
have that touch and go free cam from the
list hang out with a bathing suit both
holes for 30 chef my name's Chad omen
wax it up and turn in some cities for
cam and Clayton they're here shreds
ribbon pretty amazing those guys are in
here doing what they're doing the damage
to these skis shows just how hard
they're going it was pretty incredible
with full Pharisees have serious key lab
to the tip patch it up with some quick
set of foxy clamped it did a heavy stone
right in vain structuring
get everything fresh I'm setting them up
with some really good pearl wax here
ironing it in these bases are pretty dry
they're going to have all the speed that
every wanted to have now I just got our
skis waxed stupid fast hitfix so that's
good catch up training more yeah shit
help us up Wow check out Clayton Villa
and vital bill in the Newport voice
production video coming out obvious